have you met anyone with two heads no we
must call them two people
when they were born the doctors and
nurses in the hospital all vomited or
fled in panic
to make people don't discriminate
against their family their mother can
only lock them in the house
day by day the two sisters hatred grew
while in anger they stabbed their mother
with enough
you can't keep us here
these two girls are very special they
share the same bladder two hearts and
three kidneys
and they have very different
personalities the younger sister on the
left is very
innocent the one on the right is very
strict a circus master
knowing of the existence of the two of
them invited them to join
in order to continue to have a life the
two girls just have to accept to work at
the circus
but this circus is not a normal circus
but a circus full of freaks
there was a woman with a fur covered
face the smallest man in the world
and so on every evening the circus will
bring these freaks to perform
on the stage a bunch of freaks kept
jumping back and forth
keeping the viewers entertained however
today there was a rich young man in the
audience
he was fascinated by the performances
but those performances are just for play
after warming up the stage it's time for
the main performances
singing is the main reason why people
pay money to get in here
it seems that people are very excited to
watch singing freaks
actually the owner does not care about
the freaks she just wants to take
advantage of them to gain money and fame
after the show the rich mother and her
son suggested that she wanted to buy the
two-headed girl at a high price
but the owner of the circus didn't agree
freaks like the girls are making a lot
of money for her
how could they easily be sold the rich
mother and son left
but they still haven't given up the
situation of the girls in the circus was
also not good
if they want to stay at the circus for a
long time they must have a bit of talent
just standing still cannot make everyone
enjoy the owner immediately told them to
try to sing
the older sister sang first but she
sounded awful
one man offered to let her younger
sister try for once the older sister
thought that the younger sister was as
bad at singing like her
so she refused the younger sister was
also very shy
but under the man's encouragement she
finally sang everyone was amazed
she was pretty good they decided to give
this two-headed girl a performance on
her own
when the person on the left sings the
other one doesn't know what to do
she arose jealousy immediately sang a
few lines to get attention
made the whole circus have the greatest
tears ever
the owner saw this situation she felt
threatened afraid that the girl would
take all her fame
she planned to separate the two sisters
that night she went into their room when
the younger sister was asleep
secretly talking to her sister her plan
was successful
suddenly the two of them were brought
onto the operating table
this surgery is to separate the two
people from sticking together
the older sister is very happy because
the day she has been waiting for has
arrived
finally she has the opportunity to live
independently as for the younger sister
her face is very sad and scared the
results of this surgery were foretold by
the doctors
only one of them could survive she was
constantly begging
please don't do it the sister beside her
happily smiled
and hypocritically prayed for her sister
because she knew she would be the one
who survived
stir fell in love and the other sister
felt that the man was a pervert
a normal person wouldn't fall in love
with a two-headed girl she felt very
uncomfortable when her sister and the
guy dating
one day they performed the first surgery
then the older sister thought if she
could get him to pay for this surgery
she would be free the next day the
people of the circus came to them
wanted the two of them he persuaded the
sister to return to the circus
but the rich guy at this time has
revealed his nature as long as you don't
have the surgery
stay here to entertain me you too will
enjoy a rich life
the older sister feeling that her dream
had been broken decided to return to the
circus
the departure of the two sisters made
the rich guy extremely angry and
heartbroken
he came to find the two of them wanting
to use his feelings for the younger
sister to convince them to come back
but the older sister refused and never
wanted to see his face again
in the end he just had to use his
superpowers use the money to buy the
circus
this time all the freaks in the circus
have become his toys the circus freaks
create the new owner
but this new master is bossy and makes a
lot of ridiculous requests
they have had enough if they do nothing
they will always be a thing for
entertainment for those high-class
people
they also want to live their own life
the old owner also knew this
so she quickly sold the circus to the
rich mother and her son
finally the two sisters had the
opportunity to do the surgery
they were waiting for and say their last
words one of us can survive that surgery
not both
and i don't want you dead i don't
there's nothing we can't do we just need
to make up our minds together
the two of them said goodbye one last
time i want to give my life to you
sister
in the end because she could not leave
her younger sister the older sister gave
up the opportunity to have the surgery
the two of them would never be separated
again